
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.BootReciv -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.AlarmReceiverKnock
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.BootReciv -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.SrvAdm
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.BootReciv -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.AlarmReceiverAdm
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.BootReciv -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.SrvProcMon
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.BootReciv -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.SrvKnock
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.BootReciv -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.SrvKlog
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.BootReciv -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.SrvKlog
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.BootReciv -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.SrvProcMon
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.BootReciv -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.AlarmReceiverSmsMan

ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.IntentReceiver -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.AlarmReceiverKnock
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.IntentReceiver -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.SrvKnock

ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.AlarmReceiverAdm -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.MAC

ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.Activity1 -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.SrvKlog
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.Activity1 -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.SrvProcMon
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.Activity1 -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.SrvKnock
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.Activity1 -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.SrvProcMon
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.Activity1 -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.SrvKlog
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.Activity1 -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.ActivityMMS
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.Activity1 -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.AlarmReceiverAdm
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.Activity1 -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.AlarmReceiverSmsMan
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.Activity1 -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.AlarmReceiverKnock
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.Activity1 -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.SrvAdm

ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.SmsReceiver -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.IMService

ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.rNetworkStatus -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.SrvKnock
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.rNetworkStatus -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.AlarmReceiverKnock
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.rNetworkStatus -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.AlarmReceiverSmsMan
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.rNetworkStatus -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.AlarmReceiverAdm
ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.rNetworkStatus -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.SrvAdm

ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.IMMon -> ssxodv.jdipue.wltter.IMService

